Huh?
[gasps]
What the...?
Oraa!
[groans]
[action music]
[Father Pucchi] No,
Jotaro Kujo and Ermes
made it at the last second.
[Emporio] This game is over.
You don't have any more allies
to help you,
and you won't ever be able
to see the new moon.
[action music]
That's where you're wrong,
Emporio.
It appears that fate...
is truly on my side,
and is serving me
with one last test to
prove my worthiness!
[Jotaro] Do it, Ermes.
Pick up that gun
and take the shot.
[gunshots]
See Moon!
Stop time, Star Platinum:
The World!
[zaps]
Oraa!
When time goes back to normal,
that spear will flash
straight through you.
[Jotaro grunts]
[See Moon shrieking]
-[splats]
-[screams]
The spear missed its mark.
He moved slightly
during the time stop.
[Emporio] It failed.
Pucchi's still alive.
Yeah, and now this thing
is starting to float
in the air too!
The priest is taking shelter
in that goddamn
displaced Space Shuttle!
[Jolyne] Hey, you guys...
I don't think
he's just trying to get away.
It can't be...
Could he have
discovered something
that's giving him
the advantage?
Did he actually find
the missing element
to complete his ability?
[Father Pucchi] You were
the ones who've been helping
to raise me up all along.
Ever since you were in prison,
you've been there,
lending me aid!
Our Father, who art in heaven,
I beseech you
to lead and guide me!
I ask you
to please watch over me
so I may not walk down
the wrong path!
It is to your very will
that I shall dedicate myself!
I can feel it!
[mechanical clicking]
[whirring]
The coordinates! I'm here!
[theme music]
Just now when Jotaro threw
the spear at me, I felt it.
His actions
directed me into place!
The ones who have been
raising me up to heaven
were those who share
the blood of the Joestars!
[both grunt]
[gasps]
Look!
[Emporio] It's Anastasia!
He's already managed to get
on the outer wall
of the Space Shuttle!
You're done for!
Now, Diver Drive!
[gasps]
[screams]
[Father Pucchi]
My Stand is See Moon no longer.
The time for heaven
has arrived at last.
It has completed!
The gravitational power...
is coursing
through my entire body!
[groaning]
[whirring]
Go to hell, you asshole.
Heaven doesn't need you!
[growls]
[all exclaim]
[grandiose music]
[Father Pucchi screams]
[music halts]
[distant jet engine rumbles]
[groans]
[gasps]
[newscaster]
Good afternoon, everyone.
The accident on State Highway
405 at Cape Canaveral,
with casualty numbers estimated
to be between
one and two thousand,
was initially thought
to be caused by a collapse.
However,
since military vehicles
have been unable to
approach the scene,
the situation seems
to be much more complicated.
More updates on this story
after the break.
This place is...
[groans, gasps]
[groans]
W-What the hell?
Anastasia...
Where did he go?
What's going on?
[Anastasia] Are you worried
about me, Jolyne?
[gasps]
I'm glad you care.
It means a lot.
But more importantly,
that damn priest got away.
He was engulfed in light
and then disappeared.
We've gotta hurry and find
that Space Shuttle right now!
We don't have to look far.
It wasn't the Shuttle
that moved.
I think it was us.
It seems that we shifted
about 200 meters away from it.
I've no idea how,
but we were just behind that
building a moment ago.
[all gasp]
Well, I don't mean
to be rude, Jotaro,
but I think I'd remember if I
were blown away or whatever.
Yo! Did no one else
see anything like that?
My guess is that we were moved
by the reversed gravity.
Good theory, but not likely.
The gravitational effect has
already worn off back there.
And besides,
the priest said that
See Moon was
no longer his Stand.
[gasps]
Jolyne, where is he?
Can you sense
which way the priest is headed?
I can sense that
he's still here.
Although...
that's about it.
So we don't know
where he's hiding
or what direction he's going.
Only that he's around.
[gasps]
[Jotaro] And besides that,
he definitely saw
the spear coming
when Star Platinum sent it
flying towards his face,
even while time was stopped.
[pensive music]
In that split second,
he managed to dodge
because he could see.
But how did he do it?
[groans]
Wait, I get it now.
The priest was all like,
"It's been completed,
and the time for heaven
has arrived,"
and all that shit.
But what if he was
just feeding us a lie,
and he was actually bluffing
so he could buy
some time for himself
and hide away
until the new moon tomorrow?
I say, he's full of it.
I bet he's just trying
to get away!
Ermes,
I advise against
going in that building.
-Huh?
-Stay in an open area.
This rain will soon pa...
[tense music]
[Jolyne exclaims]
We're... we're soaked.
What's going on, you guys?
-[door slams]
-[yelps]
[yowls]
-[all exclaim]
-Hey, Ermes!
-[groans]
-What the hell are you doing?
Nah, it's...
this automatic door!
Shit, it's fast!
-[door slams]
-[screams]
What the hell, man?
Why does this thing shut
like a guillotine?
[gasps]
I'm already dry.
But I was just soaking.
[groans]
Yo! What the fuck is happening?
Be more careful, Ermes.
[gasps]
[thrilling music]
-[groaning]
-[Anastasia gasps]
What?
[all exclaim]
It's time for the evening news.
We have continued reports
on the Cape Canaveral
catastrophe on Highway 405.
Oh? Uh...
actually, my apologies.
We'll now be going
to commercial.
Huh? What, it's already over?
[grunting]
Hmm.
[exclaims]
[tense music]
The sun's setting... already?
Um, I'll have chocolate nuts
and caramel and...
strawberry chocolate chips,
and mint.
Oh, and orange vanilla too,
please.
[vendor] Here.
That'll be six dollars.
[gags]
Huh?
[exclaims]
[upbeat music]
Strike!
[stadium announcer] Oh, wow!
We've got one amazing
rookie here, folks.
Looks like
he's gonna be the MVP!
[gasps]
[chuckles]
I guess I am amazing.
[sneezes]
[sniffles]
Huh? It... It's hardened!
Ouch, that hurts!
Help, Mommy!
Hey, Barry. Go get 20 kilos
of meat from the freezer.
Yes, sir. Right away.
[stadium announcer]
He finally hit it!
But it's a pop fly.
-[ball crashes]
-[grunts]
[upbeat tense music]
What happened?
He's bleeding profusely!
It all happened
in the blink of an eye!
[dog yelps]
[barking]
Aah! Oh no!
The speed we're coming in
to land with is way too high!
Yeah, but all the readings
seem to be normal!
This is bad!
[pilot] Pull up!
[explosion]
[shudders]
What...was that?
What the hell is going on?
[groans in pain]
-Ermes!
-[grunts]
I guess he wasn't bluffing
after all.
I was wrong.
Turns out that bastard
wasn't trying
to play tricks so he could
get away from us.
Plus, there's my blood...
Even though the wound is fresh
and still bleeding,
it's already dried
way faster than normal.
The blood's drying instantly!
Jolyne, the blood
on your face too.
It's dried up,
and it looks like
it's already crumbling away!
Yeah, true.
But what does that mean,
and why?
[groans]
[gasps]
[Jotaro] It can't be...
Guys, he really was
telling the truth.
The priest's new ability...
He already had it
back on the Shuttle!
And now, everything is moving
at a faster speed.
Everything in this world is.
And I don't just
mean the machines,
I'm talking
literally everything!
Ah, shit!
The sun's already gone down,
and the stars
are lighting up the sky!
Does that mean
the completion of his ability?
[suspenseful music]
Does that mean
the completion of his ability?
[all gasp]
Seriously,
what the hell's going on here?
[Jolyne] So then,
this is what the priest's
new ability can do?
[grunts]
Damn it!
The way the stars
and the clouds are moving,
they look like special effects
from a movie!
What exactly
is this new ability capable o?
[distant shattering]
[gasps]
[Jotaro]
That's not the only thing.
It's time.
It's speeding up as well.
The passage of time is going by
faster and faster!
Under these circumstances,
it seems only he's safe.
Could he be the only one
who can withstand
the rapid acceleration of ti?
It's highly possible.
He was able to avoid
the spear I threw at him,
though it might
have been unconsciously.
However, if he is capable
of moving
under this rapid passing
of time,
and if he's come to realize
that he can
still move around...
Jolyne, we're leaving.
-We aren't safe here.
-[Jolyne, Ermes exclaim]
Staying out here
any longer isn't wise.
No way.
Can you sense it
as well, Jolyne?
-Do you feel his presence?
-[both] Huh?
Yeah, but where?
He keeps moving.
And the bastard's
hiding himself,
so I can't tell where he's at,
but he's coming closer!
[tense music]
Not good. Let's move.
Start running now.
Everyone, get a move on!
[grunts]
-[thudding]
-[gasps]
Star Platinum: The World!
[zapping]
[silence]
[zaps]
[Jotaro] My time stop,
it was drastically shortened!
Oh, shit!
[whooshing]
[Anastasia]
This way, Mr. Jotaro!
[suspenseful music]
Thank you.
-You're Anastasia, right?
-Yes.
My Stand is Diver Drive.
It can embed itself
into anything.
Let's watch the other side.
Yeah. But the thing is so fast,
I don't think just being
on the lookout will do much.
By the way, Mr. Jotaro.
I'm determined to protect
your daughter
with everything I have.
We've already
got ourselves caught up
in something
we can't back out of,
but we will make it out alive.
So I'd like to ask you
for your blessing
to marry your daughter.
Wait.
What did you just say to me?
I asked you for your blessing.
Please, Mr. Jotaro.
Respectfully,
I want to marry your daughter.
[hopeful music]
I know now is not
the best time,
but all you have to do
is give me your permission.
If I may...
have her father's approval,
it'd mean more to me
than you'll ever know.
I don't expect it to be easy,
and it's not like
I've always felt
worthy enough to marry Jolyne.
And sure, I have been branded
a murderer,
so I'm well aware
that there's no way
Jolyne would fall in love
with me right away.
But, the sheer determination
and pure soul
which Jolyne inherited
from you, her father,
is the light that shines upon
the darkest part of my heart.
And it's that heart that
could collapse at any moment.
She is exactly what I need.
Just say yes.
Please, sir.
That word
is all I need to hear.
I need you to let me
marry her
when we make it
out of this alive!
I don't know
what you're talking about.
Are you insane?
Look where we are.
[shudders]
[Jolyne] Anastasia.
[gasps]
[scoffs]
We need to stay together.
All of us. Let's not scatter.
Sure, we made it to this roof.
And we're fine for now,
but there's no escape.
Pucchi's still on the move.
I can't see
where he's going now.
I've set up a barrier around us
with my strings,
but... who knows
if this will even work?
And since he was able
to complete his ability,
he's not just gonna let us
get away scot-free.
No, he wants
to see this through to the en!
'Cause he knows
that he's gonna have to kill us
and put an end to the Joestar
bloodline once and for all!
[Ermes] But still,
we have no idea what he can .
How the hell are we supposed
to fight against that?
Mr. Jotaro, say yes!
[Jotaro scoffs]
[gasps]
Okay.
All of you, listen.
It may seem like we've
been cornered up here,
but getting on the roof
was the right decision.
His new ability
is to speed up time,
and he's the only person
who can move through it.
But it doesn't mean
that we can't see him at all.
According to the speed
at which
the hands of my watch
are moving,
the minute hand indicates
that it takes about two minus
for a full hour to go by.
In other words, someone running
at 10 kilometers per hour
would seem to us as
if they were running
at the same speed
as a bullet train.
However, we are still able to
see an approaching bullet train
with our naked eyes.
Stay calm and observe.
We can at least see his moves.
Try to sense
where he's going next.
But that's so fast.
That means if a car is going
60 kilometers per hour,
it would feel like 1,800.
And 100 would be Mach 2.4.
[Jotaro] Exactly.
But lucky for us,
the priest is still reluctant
to climb up here
and join us on this roof.
He's being cautious
because of me
and my ability to stop time
for several seconds.
And there's still something
that none of us know...
How will his ability evolve
from this point on?
I'm sure the priest must've
learned his Stand's true wort.
Huh?
Star Platinum: The World.
[zaps]
[grunts]
[Jotaro] Where is he?
Where did that bastard go?
Something moved
underneath that table.
He has to be around here
somewhere.
The longest I can stop time
is five seconds at most.
I have to locate him and
strike him down,
all in a span of five seconds!
Ah, good grief. He's not there.
I must've been imagining
something moving down there.
That's the limit.
Now time will resume...
[exclaims, gasps]
[ominous music]
That's where he's hiding,
in a palm tree!
What?
It can't be.
He's using it as a spring!
That's the limit!
Time will resume!
He's gonna launch himself
off the tree!
-[all exclaim]
-[Jotaro grunts]
[Father Pucchi grunts]
-[zips rapidly]
-[gasps]
-He's...
-There!
[Star Platinum] Oraa, oraa,
oraa, oraa, oraa, oraa...
Oraa!
[slices, splats]
[all gasp]
[Jolyne shudders]
[screams]
Old man...
Jolyne, behind you!
He's coming back!
[zaps]
[Jotaro groans]
Anastasia.
[groans]
You just used your Stand...
and dove into my body
at the last second.
[coughs]
In that moment,
you let your Stand
take the brunt of the attack.
all so that I wouldn't have
to suffer a fatal wound.
[Jotaro] But still...
[strains]
[breathing heavily]
[groans]
[Jotaro] It's still too short.
Stopping time for just
five seconds isn't enough.
And I'm not able
to stop time consecutively!
After I stopped time for five
seconds using Star Platinum,
I have to take a moment
to catch my breath.
It's the only way that I can
stop time again so soon.
And now that the priest
has reached his full potential,
the only one who can
stand up to him is me
when he's in
a close-enough range.
The only chance I've got
to take him out
is right now
while time is still stopped!
[groans]
That's my limit.
Time will resume once again.
[Father Pucchi gasps]
Oraa, oraa, oraa,
oraa, oraa, oraa...
-Oraa!
-[grunts]
-[Jotaro groans]
Oh no!
Old man! Anastasia!
-[whirrs]
-[grunts]
[all exclaim]
[sinister music]
[Father Pucchi] I suppose
the one who'll be
the first in line to die
will be Anastasia instead,
and not Jotaro.
But you know what?
Although it's something so vast
you will not be able
to fathom it,
I'll make this clear
once and for all.
Time will keep racing by.
But, for your clarification,
I did not obtain this ability
just so I can dispose
of you all,
nor did I do it
to become the most powerful.
The true purpose of
this ability
is to guide the masses
of humanity
towards everlasting happiness.
Allow me to introduce you to my
new Stand, my gift to humanity.
I shall christen my Stand...
Maiden Heaven!
[clock ticking rapidly]
[sinister music climaxes]
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]